# CS-305-
Software Security
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address? The client was Artemis Financial and they want to create a new online prescence. Since they are dealing with money Artemis must be extra cautious and it causes for bigger threats to omerge by attacking the companies financials.
What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing? I believe that when I found my clients vulernerabilites I explained them very well so that a person that is not in this field could understand what was going on. I also think that I did well with thinking of different ways of trying to better secure the vulnerabilities. It is important to make sure code is secure because it allows for less threats and vulnerabilities to happen which in the end allows for better running code. Software security adds protection from outside or inside threats that may occur and helps the company be able to defend itself from these threats.
What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you? The vulnerability assessment was not necessarily challenging after i understood what I was doing. It was helpful to learn more about the different vulnerablities that can occur and also helped me understand why software security is so important.
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use? I increased layers of security by providing a certificate in the code as well as the dependency check.I also refactored the code. I would use the depencdency check to assess and decide the mitigation technique needed to reduce the amount of vulnerabilites. 
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? I refactored the code and made sure that there was a certificate that was selfsigned. I reran the dependancy check after refactoring the code so that I could see if there were new vulnerabilites.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks? I did a lot of research on each of the topics in this class and utilized readings so that i could better understand the tasks at hand. I used maven and I believe it will be very helpful in the future.
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment? I will definitely show them my vulnerabilities report because I had the most fun doing that assignment. I understood everything that was being asked and overall it was just a fun project to work on.
